Of course
But
we still need to trouble Ms. Su
to make another trip herself
I’m sure it’s not that simple, right?
That’s right,
I just want to confirm one thing
You’re the heiress of Xiang Jie Group
The precious pearl in Wen Zhucheng’s hand
Surely you wouldn’t stoop
to stealing someone else’s husband?
Where did
this low-class tramp come from?
You
Wen
Director Wen
Can’t even control
a man who wants to climb up
and comes threatening
my daughter Wen Zhucheng’s girl
I didn’t
I just came to deliver a wedding invite
Do you even know where this is?
The Wen family’s floor is cleaner than your mouth
You even have the nerve
to deliver invitations for *your* wedding here
How embarrassing
Sorry for the disturbance
That shameless pair
when are they getting married?
The 20th
Looks like we need to speed up our plan
Got it,
I’ll come home after picking up the wedding rings
Qi Luo
Why are you here?
Oh
You came just in time
I was picking out a gift for my mom
Let me take a look at this one
How about this necklace?
It’s beautiful
Wrap this one up with the others, please
Oh right
Why are you here?
Ah, I was just passing by
Saw you here and came in
Mr. Duan
You’ve arrived
Here are the wedding rings you ordered
Would you like to check them?
Wedding rings?